# visel24 privacy policy
Privacy policy** i chidi olisa built the visel24 app . 
This SERVICEs is provided and is intended for use as is.This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. some of the Personal Information that the app uses is COLLECTED by me (the developer) . 
**Information Collection and Use**For a better experience, while using our Service, you are required to provide the app with certain personally identifiable information, including PERMISSION REQUIRED TO SEND SMS and PERMISSION REQUIRED TO ACCESS YOUR CURRENT LOCATION. 
The app requires permission for sending SMS to alert your emergency contacts by sending SMS when you are in troble. 
The app requires permission to access your current location in order to send your current location to the  contacts you specified when you are in trouble. 
The information that the app requests will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way but the informations collected from the video section is held by me as a use for credible electios and evidence, this will be updated after the 2023 elections in Nigeria to allow users get a copy of the videos .The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app• Google Play Services *
*Cookies**
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies”. **Security**I value your trust in providing the app with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Since some of the information that you provide to this app is stored locally on your device, it is not accessible by anyone, not even the developer of this app. This app ensures you maximum security of your information that it uses but is not responsible for any breach/theft of your Personal Information caused by any other application on your device or by any kind of cyber-attack. **Links to Other Sites**This Service contains a link to google play store in order to review this app. If you click on this link, you will be directed to the site. Note that this external site is not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of this website. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. **Children’s Privacy**These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. **Changes to This Privacy Policy**I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.This policy is effective as of jan 20th 2023 **Contact Us**If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at wealth01@protonmail.com.
